PBM-1419 Reworked supported versions matrix (#218)
percona/pbm-docs: docs/details/versions.md

Percona Backup for MongoDB is compatible with:

* MongoDB Community / Enterprise Edition with [MongoDB Replication :octicons-link-external-16:](https://docs.mongodb.com/manual/replication/) enabled. Percona Backup for MongoDB supports only *logical backups*.

> * Percona Server for MongoDB with [MongoDB Replication :octicons-link-external-16:](https://docs.mongodb.com/manual/replication/) for logical backups. For physical and incremental backups, also configure WiredTiger as the storage engine.

Author: Reworked. PSMDB also supports Memory Engine, so I changed the wording to ensure WT is set

> Navigate to the required compatibility matrix to see what MongoDB versions your current PBM release is compatible with for backups and restores. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to the compatibility matrices below to check which MongoDB versions your current PBM release supports for backups and restores.
```

!!! note ""

>     End-of-life MongoDB versions may work with PBM, but they are not tested for compatibility. Consider using a previous PBM version in this case.

Author: Reworded

## Percona Server for MongoDB compatibility matrix

> The following table lists the Percona Server for MongoDB versions supported for each backup type.

Reviewer: We can link Percona Server for MongoDB to PSMDB docs

Author: Done

> Each entry indicates the PBM version that introduces changes in the supported Percona Server for MongoDB versions.

Author: Added
